Hey ready we're here hi hey hi that how
are you okay oh wow
cool nice car thank you this reminds me
of uh okay
you guys ever been in a car before oh
yeah I love cars this is what it's like
it's the first car I've ever been it I'm
gonna slowly back up very very okay
slowly back up using your rear camera
yep using the rear camera
so where we going folks well mr.
cabdriver we can go to ground control
studios and I'm gonna record this song
and some other stuff too and this studio
is really favorite movie of mine because
it has lots of synthesizers nice well
thanks a lot for giving to my recording
session yeah um
we'll see how Spanish it gets I'm gonna
have you guys pick me up for all my
shoes peace konichiwa god I love
Japanese people
[Music]
pretty balls pretty balls right now
speed Oh
ready booze granny balls pretty balls
with a there's that
[Music]